[Navigation] Add white background to Navigation if logo is present (#6148)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/stupid-books-unite.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> Add white background to Navigation if logo is present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the `Navigation` `logo` container to have a white background when present
```
